Rewrite "Private Dependencies" page (#521)
sider/sider-docs: docs/advanced-settings/private-dependencies.md

- as an [SSH key of a machine user](#ssh-key-of-machine-user)

### Deploy key

If you have just one private dependency, using a deploy key is simple.

Suppose that you have the following private npm package and private repository hosting it:

- Package name: `awesome`
- Repository URL: `https://github.com/foo-company/awesome`

Your `package.json` should look like this:

```json
{
  "dependencies": {
    "awesome": "git+ssh://git@github.com:foo-company/awesome.git#v1.2.3"
  }
}
```

To install this package during an analysis session, you need to add the downloaded public key as a deploy key to the `foo-company/awesome` repository on GitHub.
The steps are as follows:

1. Visit `https://github.com/foo-company/awesome`
2. Click **Settings**
3. Click **Deploy keys**
4. Click **Add deploy key**
5. Enter the public key and save it

For details, check out the [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/developers/overview/managing-deploy-keys#deploy-keys).

When you add the deploy key and start a new analysis, installing the private package should succeed.

### SSH key of machine user

If you have multiple private dependencies, adding a deploy key does not work

> because we cannot add the same deploy to multiple repositories on GitHub.

Reviewer: > because we cannot add the same deploy to multiple repositories on GitHub.

because we cannot add the same deploy key to multiple repositories on GitHub.
?

Author: @sumyapp What do you mean? Do you think this sentence is needless?

Reviewer: I think `same deploy key` is better than `same deploy`.

Author: Good catch! Thanks 👍 

```suggestion
because we cannot add the same deploy key to multiple repositories on GitHub.
```

In such a case, you need to prepare a [machine user](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/developers/overview/managing-deploy-keys#machine-users) account
and attach the public key to the account.
Note that the machine user must have _read_ access to your private repositories.

Suppose that you have a machine user account named _foobot_ and the following `package.json`:

```json
{
  "dependencies": {
    "awesome": "git+ssh://git@github.com:foo-company/awesome.git#v1.2.3",
    "marvelous": "git+ssh://git@github.com:foo-company/marvelous.git#v0.9.0"
  }
}
```

To install these packages, _foobot_ need to have access to the `foo-company/awesome` and `foo-company/marvelous` repositories.

> Attaching the public key as an SSH key to _foobot_ can realize this.

Reviewer 2: What does it mean? Does it mean: "foobot can access these repositories with the SSH key"?

Author: Yes, but it looks ambigous. I'll fix it.

The steps are as follows:

> 1. Login to GitHub as the machine user

Reviewer 2: Although the URL includes "login", GitHub looks to use "Sign in" on this page.

https://github.com/login

```suggestion
1. Sign in to GitHub as the machine user
```

![Screenshot from 2020-11-18 10-22-35](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13130705/99470594-513a5300-2988-11eb-867b-d986e99c565d.png)
